Better explain some client.rb settings (#2628)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/config_rb_client.md

`interval`

:   The frequency (in seconds) at which Chef Infra Client runs when running

>     in daemonized mode. It is recommended to not run
>     in daemonized mode and to instead rely on scheduled
>     execution from system schedulers like systemd timers,
>     cron jobs, or Windows Scheduled Tasks. Default value: `1800`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in daemonized mode. We do not recommend running
    in daemonized mode. Instead you should rely on scheduled
    execution from system schedulers like systemd timers,
    cron jobs, or Windows Scheduled Tasks. Default value: `1800`.
```

> :   The frequency (in seconds) at which Chef Infra Client runs if running
>     Chef Infra Client in daemonized mode. It is recommended not to run
>     Chef Infra Client in daemonized mode and to instead rely on scheduled
>     Chef Infra Client execution from system schedulers like systemd timers,
>     cron jobs, or Windows Scheduled Tasks. Default value: `1800`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:   The frequency (in seconds) at which Chef Infra Client runs when running
    in daemonized mode. It is recommended to not run
    in daemonized mode and to instead rely on scheduled
    execution from system schedulers like systemd timers,
    cron jobs, or Windows Scheduled Tasks. Default value: `1800`.
```

This reads kind of awkwardly repeating "Chef Infra Client" so often.

`log_level`

:   The level of logging to be stored in a log file. Possible levels:
    `:auto` (default), `:trace`, `:debug`, `:info`, `:warn`, `:error`,
    or `:fatal`. The `:auto` level will use `:warn` when a terminal is

>     available or `:info` when a terminal is not available.

Reviewer 3: This may be wrong now, I think we use `:info` by default and `:warn` is only used now when switching to syslog-ing, or when the user explicitly does `--force-logger`.

Reviewer 3: (honestly I'm not sure how to document this right now for Chef-16, that's the best I can come up, I would need to burn a lot of time testing it, and I wouldn't know how to English that up for user consumption since it is a pile of edge conditions nearly nobody should care about any more)

Author: @lamont-granquist Wanna toss a suggestion to change that?

Author: From Slack "Just ship it"

`minimal_ohai`

:   Run a minimal set of Ohai plugins providing data necessary for the
    execution of Chef Infra Client's built-in resources. Setting this

>     to true will skip many large and time consuming data sets such as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    to true will skip many large and time consuming plugins such as
```

>     `cloud` or `packages`. Setting this this to true may break cookbooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `cloud` or `packages`. Setting this to true may break cookbooks
```

>     that assume all Ohai data will be present.

Reviewer 3: Runs only the Ohai plugins that determine the O/S platform, hostname, and init system.  This can be used to speed up testing or `chef-apply` scripts, but will break many cookbooks which expect more extended Ohai attributes.

Author: That's all there. People don't need to know about chef testing here.

`named_run_list`

> :   A specific named runlist defined in the node's applied Policyfile,
>     which the should be used when running Chef Infra Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   A specific named runlist defined in the node's applied Policyfile
    which should be used when running Chef Infra Client.
```

`node_name`

:   The name of the node. This determines which configuration should be
    applied and sets the `client_name`, which is the name used when

>     authenticating to a Chef Infra Server. By default Chef Infra Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    authenticating to a Chef Infra Server. By default, Chef Infra Client
```

    will use the system's FQDN as the node name. In general, Chef recommends
    that you leave this setting blank and let the client assign the FQDN of

>     the node as the `node_name` during each Chef Infra Client run.

Reviewer 3: Feels like there should be something here about the "unique identity" of the node.

Author: Fixed everywhere
